The I on the right hand side means that the network command was used to advertise the route into BGP.
If you see a question mark here it means that redistribution was used.
We can also see the autonomy system Porth.
This is a list of autonomous system part of that.
The Rock went through for this route.
There isn't an autonomous system path because of this router was originated in the local autonomous
system.
This route however originated what was advertised from this autonomous system 65000 to the same is true
for 15 1 1 0.
That route originated in a tunnel system.
So we should be able to ping the loop back of route too.
And thats true because the route is found in the BJP routing table because it's a valid route.
It's added to the IP routing table as follows.
Via a BGP.
And because of that I can ping the loopback of router 2.
So we've successfully configured BGP between wrote a one in to in the same way router 2 has learnt about
this loop back through BGP.
So show IP BGP shows us that this network was learnt from this router which is Router one we can see
the autonomous system Porth it originated in a tunnel system number 65000 one the next top Rodda it
is 8 8 8 1 so we should be able to ping wondered.
Wondered wondered one which we can so we've successfully configured BGP between these two routers and
testor to connectivity.
Now lets configure BGP to Rodda three.
So run a BGP 65000 to
neighbor 15 1 1 2 remote 2 autonomous system is sixty five thousand three.
So show IP BGP and neber what you'll notice is the neighbor relationship 2 8 2 8 8 2 1 is established.
But if we scroll or down notice the neighbor relationship to 15 1 1 2 is active.
That means it's not working.
Active means there's a problem.
Show IP BGP summary.
In the real world on a real router you'll see something like active here rather than a blank spec trace
it doesn't show that correctly.
But we can see that the status is active by using the show IP BGP neighbors command.
So notice the state is active not established.
That means it's not working.
So I'm rodder three.
We need to configure BGP to form the neighbor relationship.
Again just because I want to be your neighbor doesn't mean you want to be my neighbor.
Both sides have to be configured and have to be configured correctly for the neighbor relationship to
come up.
Now that both sides are configured correctly the neighbor relationship has come up.
So show IP BGP neighbors scrolling down neighbor relationship from router to to router 3.
Now shows established it's been up for 14 seconds so on wrote three let's advertise the loopback address.
That's using a slash 32 mosque.
We can prove that by using show IP ront noticed there's the rot in the running table.
We can also advertise other interfaces on the router such as 15 wondered wondered she arose with the
right mosque and 17:1 1 0 with the correct mosque.
Show i.p wrong again.
15 is using slushed 24 mosque 17 is using a slash 24 mosque.
What you'll notice here as well is we already have BGP rots in the writing table or rodder 3.
So show PBG P..
There's the local BGP writing table on Route 3.
This network which is the loop back of Route 1 is being advertised to rodders 3 from rodder 2.
With this being the next top 15 wondered wondered one the autonomy system Porth wrote originated in
sixty five thousand one.
Then it went through sixty five thousand two and then it arrived at our autonomous system.
The route is a valid notice over there so that means we should be able to ping the loopback of Route
1 which we can debug.
IP ICMP do that ping again.
Notice we see the output of the debug wrote of one is sending a reply back to 15 1 1 2 which is this
interface on router 3.
So the show IP rot routing table looks good Lupica wrote a one loop back of Ratatouille.
We've got this network 8 2 8 8 0 in the writing table so we should.
As an example be able to paying the address as well as that address which we can so Rodda 3 has been
successfully configured.
Now we need to configure Rotto for.